even before I joined the Navy, I really appreciated the tech guys there.
The ones I can think of are, you know, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
Um, more recent ones like Elon Musk. I don't necessarily agree with
them, Uh, personally, some of them can be, you know, really? You know,
like, aggressive on. And I know that business can be cutthroat,
but, um, I could get over those those parts. I really appreciate the
fact that they had this really big, really strong challenge in front
of them that not many people could do otherwise. And these were some
of the people that you know that they would be successful regardless
of what they did. Let's say they started writing a book, then you
know that they write one of the best books you've ever read. If they
were artists, then, you know, you know, that they would probably
one of the most famous, uh, drawers that that ever drew, you know, like,
whatever rule that they're associated with, uh, you can tell that
it's about them as as people rather than the thing that they create.
So I really appreciate those, um, those people for inspiring me
to try to do that with myself.